this is Byron with dragon blogger com
here to talk some more about the irulu
10.1 Windows 8 tablet it comes with a
pretty cool little detachable magnetic
keyboard they supply that one free
keyboards decent you know it's a smaller
keyboard typings not quite as
comfortable as you wouldn't you know it
under notebook but it definitely works
I've done quite a few emails on it
basically didn't work emails on it once
one day a couple weeks ago just to kind
of test that out force myself to use it
and it worked it wasn't too bad I got
everything I needed to get done never
got too frustrated that I stopped so the
keyboard works nicely and it's a nice
addition gives you a little stand so you
can hold it up you know so you can work
off your desk or a tray if you're
sitting on a couch but if you really
just want the tablet function there it
is there's the irulu tablet again 10.1
inches 12 x 800 screen IPS pretty
responsive it is Windows 8 it's
full-blown windows 8 there's no cut down
versions on in this anymore similar to
maybe a surface 3 not the surface pro
the surface 3 that just recently came
out what is that it's like four or five
hundred dollars depending upon the
storage this one is under 250 32 gigs of
storage two gigs of ram intel processor
quad-core so it does have enough room
for your videos your movies web browsing
email windows app store all your windows
App Store is available to you accessible
to you right from here front and rear
camera five big megapixels would leave
if the option you can get in there and
do skype google hangouts all that happy
stuff all that good stuff um like I said
we've had it for about two weeks my
son's played with it he loves with it
this is what
chooses he wants to choose to play his
youtube videos are watching YouTube
videos or cruise the internet so it's
become his favorite this one is framed
in orange so us here in Colorado being
rock offends that's kind of a nice a
little audition it is full-blown windows
it comes with one year of office 365 1
terabyte open open drive one drive
excuse me and you get one hour of skype
calls also to get a little nice little
additions a 7800 milliamp battery you
know three hours with a lot of video or
YouTube or you know downloading stuff
over the Internet kind of stuff if you
get pretty heavy on what you're doing
with it a good three hours you know if
you're not too bad you're doing some we
email web browsing cruising around maybe
you don't have the Bluetooth because it
does support Bluetooth and that's
Bluetooth 40 if you got that turned off
you know five hours is pretty easy to
attain if you're smart about how you're
using it with the full-size USB jack on
the side I plugged in a wired mouse I
plugged in a wireless dongle mouse you
know a little dongle and then your mouse
talks that dog will talks to this
bluetooth mouse plugged in a standard
keyboard that worked fine so just like
you would expect windows to operate this
seems this is functioning the same so
you got a power you got a headphone you
got my hdmi which is kind of nice you
have micro SD slot micro USB so you
could plug in a phone to call out
pictures plug in another tablet pull off
pictures would have you your home will
charge off of that a standard USB like
weed smoke oh you'll reply ginn for
years got a little proprietary charger
you can't charge off the micro USB but
it does have a little charger that you
lead and then a microphone a couple
speakers on the top it's really a nice
little tablet like I said I would
compare it to your surface 3 I think
they're insane line in spec wise pretty
close 32 gigs of storage 2 gigs of ram
for what its purpose is to cruise the
internet to do some email minwax videos
catch some movies this is going to
carry no problems there never seemed to
be a problem with my son using it he
never complained he lets me know if he
has any technical problems I promise you
every time I've used it when it was for
work emails doing some research about
this that or the other it meant the task
so I would give it a solid four stars
you know I would like more storage but
for under 250 I don't know how that's
too much asking the screen 1280 x 800
know there's going to be better screens
out there its vices it presents
everything pretty well so I can't
complain too much about it but being
it's 12 x 800 I can't exactly go 5 stars
but a solid 4 stars and for about half
the price and put you're going to pay
for surface 3 it's a great little tablet
/ laptop however you prefer to use it
works out great hasn't disappointed
either me or my son in the 23 weeks that
we've had it once again this is byron
with drag blogger com thank you
you